Hey hey and hello everyone is back
on this channel. Of course, to watch
a great film, this time I will
tell you a film called
new Swift which was released in 2016
this film tells about a
married woman who falls in
love with a perverted tennis coach
after  the woman is following
a tennis practice program with him
Will their abusive relationship have a
happy ending, let's just
watch the full video at the beginning of the film
we will be shown with a
woman named Yunjeong who at that time
was walking home to
her house on the way home she
suddenly stopped in front
tennis court a tennis coach named
Sehun came to Hyun Joong to
pick up the ball that was thrown out of the
field from here where
Hyun Joong and Jung Hoon met where there
would
be steady activity between the two of them
told
he was a housewife  angga
who has a husband who
works as a detective and
he has a daughter that
afternoon Young was cooking but he was
constrained to cut fish meat
finally his husband came to
help him and somehow Hyun Joong
suddenly became Sydney and immediately
asked his husband to do
skidipapap sawadikap in the room after
that Hyun Joong ate with his husband
and also his son While enjoying the
food Hyun-joong's husband told Hyun
Joong to practice tennis so that he
had sports activities besides that it
also happened that near their house there was
a tennis court complete with a
coach according to
Hyun Joong husband's request to go to the
tennis court to see the players practice
he was approached by a woman who
practiced at that place where
this woman named Minjo the coach
came over to Hyun Joong to
invite him into his office so that
Uun could explain the program  ram
Jihan whatever was offered at the
place Hyun Joong finally decided to
join the place then he
went straight to the mall to buy
tennis sports clothes short story
hyun-joong started his first practice the
next day at that time Simon was
training menju but focusing on instead
focused  to you Jeong sewoon
then went over to Hyun Joong
and he then taught UNJ how to
hit the ball while looking for
opportunities to hold Yong
Junhyung's hand seemed a little uncomfortable with
Sehun's treatment he then went
away from Sehun and practiced alone at
night Hyun Joong his husband and
son  having dinner at the dinner table.
Kissing husband asked his wife
about his first training and
Hyun Joong replied that everything
went well. Kissing husband also
said that he was going out of
town on business for
three days. The next day,
nyuci went to the tennis court to play
but he didn't
know If that day there was no
training schedule suddenly someone appeared from
behind Hyun Joong because Sigmund felt
sorry for Hyun Joong he then
invited Hyun Joong to enter the
field then He also Jasmine Hyun
Joong privately Junhyung looked
very happy to the point  until he wanted
to be escorted home by kyung-hoon in the
car they both began to get to know each other
more closely and Simon himself seemed
to dare to show that he
has feelings for Yoon Jong Hyun Joong
looks a little awkward with Uun
But it seems he also has feelings
for seong-hoon  Hoon but he doubts because he is
already married. Short story is
that UNJ's husband who was ready to go
out of town left his wife and
child at home after the husband kissed him
leaving Hyun Joong going
somewhere with his son on the road
he was called by Sigmund who
asked him to go on a date
Hearing this  That's Hyun Joong immediately
step on the gas to the house mert  her time to
leave her child there for three
days
Hai after that she immediately returned
home to dress up to
get ready to go on a date with a
smile they both went to a park
to enjoy the day alone when
they were in a house
smiling was looking for-  looking for an opportunity to
tease Hyun Joong so that Hyun Joong wants to
kiss and finally they both
kissed in the
house Sigmund took Hyun Joong
home when it was night at first
Hyun Joong immediately got out of the car and
didn't invite Sehun to go
inside but he changed  thought and
invited Uun to go into
Yunji's house who then prepared
food to entertain his guests at that time
but the dinner ended in
a skidipapap sawadikap between the
two of
them.
the two of them will
skidip like a couple in love
with their share of minutes
in their affair without
thinking about the feelings of their children and husband
hyun-joong so addicted to your smile
with yunjeong Simon's soft surabi
that he doesn't care where to
boost Young Sehun even forcing
you-  jeong to do it in an
abandoned playground
after being used hyun-
joong saw a husband and
wife walking together carrying ice cream
For some reason he suddenly remembered his
husband and son the key and then
asked si.umk to buy him ice
cream but after  came back to his senses with the
ice cream he just bought Hyun
Joong suddenly disappeared it turned out he
went to his father-in-law's house to pick up
his son kissed immediately brought his son
home and at Young's husband's house was
waiting for them both Hyun Joong
calmly welcomed his husband
without feeling guilty at all  the story
continues where in the morning
hyun-joong's husband got a call from
Symphony No
Hai Simon said that he wanted to
talk to hyun-joong to
discuss his tennis practice
keys then picked up the phone
and he asked the bonk
not to call him on the landline
but after that incident Hyun Joong
found out that he was positively pregnant
after he took a test after
knowing that Hyun Joong immediately
went to the tennis court to meet
Sehun and what a surprise there he
even found Sehun being
skidded against by punching in his room
jin-jin immediately left  from there
then Siwon came out to follow
yunjeong when he got home hyun-joong
was suddenly surprised to hear
his son's scream from upstairs he
rushed upstairs to check it
and it turned out to be a
joking scream from his son who was playing
with a smile and kissed  then ask
ana  knya to go play downstairs
and then the Uun and Young talk Four
Eyes There Simon who has missed
Yunjeong's Ipad voice can't hold his lust
anymore then he pushes Yunjeong to the bed
to execute him there but For some
reason Siwon suddenly fell silent
without a word  The obvious reason is
seeing your smile when you're careless Hyun
Joong didn't think long to
take advantage of Siu Hun's carelessness then he
hit the bedside with a
jar Simon immediately fell to the floor
then Hyun Joong called his husband
to come home immediately after
Um's husband came revealed a
surprising fact  where it turns out that
Uyong's husband purposely told Sehun
to approach his own wife to
test his wife's loyalty, all of which he
had arranged neatly until he finally
found out that his wife was unfaithful
and instead chatted more surabi
to Sehun, this of course
made Hyun-joong's husband disappointed and
he didn't seem to mind.  can forgive
his wife again
Hi at the end of the film Hyun
Joong is shown with his son at
a restaurant and next to
them there is a husband and wife who
are eating together with their child it's
not really clear What is the meaning of
this snippet but according to my guess
in the end Yunjeong was divorced by
her own husband and now she lives
alone with her child, the coffee was then the
film called maybo Swift
Thank you for watching this video
see you in the next steady film
Hi Ho